These are the steps required to reproduce running the analysis using Coverity
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.
Sign in through GitHub at https://scan.coverity.com/

2.
From the Top Menu, Select "My Dashboard" to open the My Projects page.
Click the orange button "+ Add Project"
This page displays all registered projects. Click "Register my GitHub project".
Click "Reload repository list from GitHub" to refresh the list.
Click on the desired GitHub repoository you'd like to have analyzed.

3. (Fill out Required Project Information)
Select your role for the project. Coverity requires you to be an Owner or Contributor.
Select the primary programming langauge of the project, to analyze this language.
Select the Project License. Coverity requires the project to be Open-source.
Leave the rest as default.
Click "Submit". Coverity will review if the project meets the Open-Source Requirements.

4. (Download Coverity Self-Build Tool)
From the Project Page, click "Submit Build".
Enter the Project Version
Click the Red Button "Download Coverity Scan Self-Build", for build instructions.
On the Right Hand Side, click your OS to download the Coverity Build Tool.
Download and extract the downloaded Zip file.
Add the bin directory to PATH.

5. (Submit a Build for Analysis)
Within command line, change to your project's local Build directory.
(Optional) Run any clean-up steps.
Run the coverity Build Tool to build project, which will create a cov-int directory.
    Java Gradle:
        cov-build --dir cov-int gradlew build -x test
    Java Maven:
        cov-build --dir cov-int mvn -DskipTests=true compile

Zip the cov-int folder, using Windows or the following command: 
    zip -r myproject.zip cov-int

Submit this zip file to be analyzed, in the "Upload Tar File" field.

6. (Analysis)
The project will enter a queue to be analyzed.
The spot in queue will be visible.
An email will be sent once the Project Analysis is complete.

7. 
The results will include the number of code lines analyzed, the number of defects found, defect density.
Bugs can be viewed from the Projects Page on Coverity, by clicking "View Defects".