These are the steps required to reproduce running the analysis using Snyk
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.
Go onto the Snyk website (https://snyk.io/)

2. 
Sign into the website using GitHub

3. 
Click on the "Add Projects" button on the Snyk Dashboard 
After click on the "GitHub" option
This then will allow the user to access projects on linked to their account

4.
Choose the repositories from the list of repositories linked to your GitHub account
It is required to have the exact repository linked to your account
This means the repositories chosen must be created by the GitHub account or forked onto the GitHub account
After the respective repositories are selected, click on the "Add Selected Repositories" button

5. 
You will be redirected to the "Projects" page with a list of all imported project listed
Wait approximately 5 minutes for each repository to be imported and tested with Snyk
Check to see if each repository is listed on the "Targets" list

6.
After each repository is successfully imported and tested
Each detected issue is displayed based on severity listed below:

- C = Critical Issue
- H = High Issue
- M = Medium Issue
- L = Low Issue

Selecting the "..." on the right of any repository will allow you to view the repositories individual report (refer to step 9)

7. Click on any single repository which you choose to view the report of
The dropdown menu shows you everyfile an error is found
Each project has a file called "Code Analysis" which contains any issue found in the main language's code (.java or .py for this project)

8. Click on a specific file and view the issue list
By scrolling down, you can view each issue individually
Each issue has the following features that make up the issue

- Severity of Issue (Denoted by a letter mentioned in Step 6)
- Name of Issue
- Priority/Severity Score
- Snyk Code (In reference to the Snyk Documentation)
- Snippet of the code where the issue occurs (including the highlighted issue in the exact line)
- Description of Issue
- Link to issue in code on GitHub repository
- Link to learn about the exact issue and how it can be fixed

9. Go back to the "Projects" page and click  the "..." on the right of any repository will allow you to view the repositories individual report 
You will be presented with a breakdown of the issues and each issue's details
Click on "Download CSV" to have access to the .csv file to then retrieve the raw data from Snyk
This raw data can be extracted to complete the report and refine the data collection for the project









